[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King... of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] As Luffy and his
crew push on to the New World,
they make a stop
on Fishman Island,
where they are pulled into
a civil war years in the making.
After meeting with Jimbei,
they learn the history
of the island and the events
that led to their battle
with the New Fishman Pirates.
They also learn of Queen Otohime
who, despite opposition, fought
tirelessly for understanding
between humans and Fishmen.
[JIMBEI] If I join, Aladdin
and the other crew members
who do not wish to be pirates
no longer have to be.
They can live in this country
without fear of retribution.
It's a way for me
to take care of my men.
In case you forgot,
Tiger is dead!
I'd love to stay and chat,
but we're headed out, too.
[JIMBEI] The Sun Pirates
split into three groups,
with Arlong, Macro,
and myself as captains.
And ever since then,
we have continued
going our separate ways.
[LUFFY] "Shaking Fishman Island!
A Celestial Dragon Drifts In!"
[SUN PIRATES cheering]
I can't believe we're home!
It's amazing, all right.
Never thought I'd
live to see this day.
You think back to how
much we suffered
at the hands of
the Celestial Dragons
and it's no surprise
we'd given up
on ever seeing
Fishman Island again.
And if it wasn't for Boss Tai,
we'd all still be
slaves on Marie Jois,
and the Nobles would
still wanna control us.
Bein' a pirate
all these years...
...well, it was
the only way to live.
[SUN PIRATE E] But here we are!
Goin' home to be with
our families and we
don't even have to hide!
[SUN PIRATE F] It's happened!
We're finally free!
[SUN PIRATES]
Yeah!
Hey, Captain! Scratch that,
I mean, Brother Jimbei!
I'll never forget what
you've done for all of us!
Don't get so dramatic on me.
'Course not, but we still want
you to know that we understand.
The only way pirates like
us could truly be free
is with the amnesty
of the government.
Yeah, and that's why you
joined the Warlords, isn't it?
We know that ya did it for us,
and not because ya wanted to.
All right, that's
enough already.
If you want to get sentimental,
then save it for your families.
Look, they're anxious
enough to see you as it is.
Oh, honey.
That's Dad?
My love...
Don't worry, go on.
[SUN PIRATE A laughs]
[FISHBOY A]
Dad!
[FISHWOMAN A]
You're home!
[CROWD chattering]
Aladdin, after all those
years you toiled as a slave,
how does it feel
to be a free Fishman?
Jimbei.
As you say, we are free.
No longer hunted by the
Celestial Dragons, at least.
And at long last we can return
to our families without fear.
But just like the mark
of the Celestial Dragons,
the agony that we suffered as
slaves is seared into our minds.
And though we may walk
this world as we please,
our hatred towards humans...
...it will always
bind our souls.
[ALADDIN]
To be clear--
I understand every word of what
Brother Tai tried to impart.
But, still...
[SUN PIRATE C]
This makes me sick.
How can Jimbei
join up with humans?
He's just a tool
for the World Government!
After everything that
happened with them, too.
Did he already forget
who killed Fisher Tiger?
[SUN PIRATE C]
Hate to say it,
but I've lost all
respect for him.
[JIMBEI] I knew quite well
what was waiting for me.
The islanders
couldn't understand,
and they reviled the fact
that I joined the Warlords.
[OTOHIME] I can't imagine
a more fortuitous situation.
We now have a relationship
with the World Government
thanks to Jimbei.
This is our chance.
We can establish friendly
relations with humans now.
And I will work hard
to make sure that we do.
[NEPTUNE]
Of course,
but while I recognize
why Jimbei did it,
it troubles me to see him take
on such a terrible burden.
If he receives an order
from the World Government,
he'll have no
choice but to fight
for their cause, regardless
of the circumstance
and no matter how much
he might disagree.
He will be asked to stand in
harm's way and his
blood will be spilled.
[OTOHIME]
Yes.
He's making a great sacrifice,
and I won't let it go to waste.
I promise that
I'll do my very best!
[NEPTUNE]
As long as you also promise me
that you won't push
yourself too hard.
I would loathe to see you suffer
another debilitating hangover.
Oh.
[NEPTUNE, OTOHIME laughing]
[JIMBEI] Despite this
promising turn of events,
something unexpected occurred
that would forever alter the
path of Queen Otohime's life.
An uninvited visitor
arrived on the island.
[BORDER GUARD A]
Ryugu Kingdom! Come in!
This is the border patrol!
A large, badly damaged ship
is seeking emergency
entry into the country!
Well, what are you waiting for?
Just do your job
and let them in!
[BORDER GUARD A]
It's a little complicated, sir!
[grunts]
[BORDER GUARD A] It belongs
to a... a Celestial Dragon!
It what?
King Neptune!
[NEPTUNE]
Wait, are you sure?
Grant them entry!
Send a rescue team right away!
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Right!
I'll go welcome them myself!
Queen Otohime!
[NEPTUNE] What in the
world is a Celestial Dragon
doing on the seafloor?
[FISHMAN AA] I can't
believe this is happening.
[FISHMAN BB]
Must've been attacked
by a Sea King or something.
[FISHMAN CC]
Here's what I don't get,
they hate us Fishmen, right?
So what were they doing sailing
through such deep water?
[CROWD screams]
[MYOSGARD]
Fetch help, you idiots!
[MYOSGARD] My whole worthless
crew just had to go and die!
Bring me a mask,
you vulgar fishes!
I can't tolerate
your Fishman stench!
I demand that you
bring me a mask!
I need you to save my life!
Filthy fools!
This creep's got
zero respect for us.
He thinks we're gonna help
him talking to us like that?
[gunshots]
[CROWD screams]
Doctor, now!
[panting]
I need help!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Are the medics here?
Well, yeah, they're here,
but they're not sure if
they wanna help that thing.
[HORDY]
Put him out of his misery.
He doesn't deserve
to live. He's pure scum.
[DECKEN]
The Seven Warlords are a joke!
I wouldn't sell my soul
to take a job working
for the World Government even
if the bastards begged me!
Hell no, you've got way too
much integrity, Captain Decken!
Everyone talks about Jimbei
like he's invincible,
but he's no match
for me as a pirate!
And that much
is true, I suspect!
[laughs]
--[gunshots]
--[CROWD screaming]
Huh? Sounds like somethin's
goin' on at the harbor.
Hey.
[FISHMAN D]
It's a Celestial Dragon.
Oh, man. Looks a like a
World Noble's causing this.
Well, that's interesting.
[DECKEN LACKEY B]
I guess his ship got wrecked
and now he's flipping
his lid or something.
[DECKEN laughs]
C'mon, let's go check it out.
This is guaranteed to
be good for a few laughs.
[panting]
This is not how events
were supposed to unfold.
[MYOSGARD] The Fishman
slaves have been allowed
to return to their island?
How can this be, Daddy dear?
It's bureaucracy, my son.
The Fishman pirate, Jimbei,
joined the Seven Warlords
and he brokered a deal.
B-But I don't understand.
Jimbei was the captain
of the Sun Pirates,
the lowly thugs who've
been hiding the slaves.
He negotiated to have
their evasion charges dropped
and obtained amnesty for the
slaves to return home, you see.
But if that's the case, then
they aren't just any slaves,
some of them are probably
my slaves, right, Daddy dear?
Oh, I'm certain of it, my son.
It turns my stomach to
think they're living a free
and easy existence
after disrespecting us.
Fine then!
I'll just have to hunt them
down and reclaim them, won't I?
It's only right,
considering how much money
I spent on collecting those
slaves in the first place.
[laughs]
It's not fair!
This should be easy!
Why didn't anyone tell me the
sea floor was so unhospitable?
[FISHMAN DD] Hey! What do
you guys think you're doing?
[CROWD murmurs]
What?
Long time no see, huh, Myosgard?
How dare you address
me without my title!
Oh! You're all my slaves!
My personal property!
You must return with me at once!
Do you hear? I didn't
permit you to run free!
[MYOSGARD gasps]
[screams]
Wait, don't do it, you guys!
He's a Celestial Dragon!
It'll void the amnesty
if ya kill him!
[MYOSGARD] Put that gun down!
Know your place!
You belong to me
and you will do as I say!
I'm your master! Your master!
Up on the surface, all you have
to do is cry and the Admirals
will come running
to you at the drop of a hat.
You realize that's
the only reason people
are scared of you Nobles.
But you're at the bottom
of the seafloor right now.
As long as the
islanders stay quiet,
and trust me, they will,
whatever happens to you...
...they'll think
it was an accident.
[MYOSGARD whimpers]
Hey, he's got a point there.
I'll keep my mouth shut!
Me, too! Mum's the word!
Just look at that creep!
He's barely even alive!
Might as well get it
over with right now!
No, make it real slow!
He should suffer the
same way that you guys did!
--[FISHMAN EE] Kill him!
--[FISHMAN FF] Make him suffer!
[FISHMAN GG]
Don't give him any mercy!
What? But why?
I thought everyone respected me.
I can't forgive you.
Not after what you did!
Not until my dying day!
No! Don't do it!
Shoot him!
End his life!
[CROWD shouting]
[OTOHIME]
Don't do it!
You're just stupid fish!
[gasps]
[CROWD gasping]
[OTOHIME grunts]
[CROWD]
Queen Otohime!
Oh, no, they shot the queen!
[MERMAID B yells]
[panting]
Queen Otohime, I...
[OTOHIME]
Everyone,
drop your guns at once.
Look around.
Children are watching.
[gasps]
[JIMBEI panting]
[JIMBEI]
Aladdin!
I heard about the Celestial
Dragon. Where is he now?
Not sure. I just
got here myself.
[FUKABOSHI]
Boss Jimbei!
Have you seen our mother?
She rushed out of the palace.
To come down here?
Hey, Brother.
These Celestial Dragons,
who are they?
They're not like us.
They're humans.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Humans?
Not all humans in
the world are bad,
but these are not to be trusted.
I heard some gunshots
right when I got here.
Let's go.
[FORMER SLAVE D]
Queen Otohime.
[OTOHIME]
It only grazed me.
Why are you protecting him?
You have no idea what kind of
pain that man inflicted on us!
The hell he put us all through.
He treated us like
we were nothing more
than a bunch of animals!
I know. I can feel the
anguish in your hearts.
I do not question that.
Has mother been injured?
Oh, no!
[ALADDIN]
Hmm.
I know it's difficult,
but you can't pollute
the children's minds
with your anger towards humans.
Your resentment--
do not make it theirs!
[OTOHIME] They deserve
the chance to meet humans
and make up their own minds.
Please, you can't tell them.
You have to hold it in.
Our tragedy and our hatred--
they must die with us.
[JIMBEI]
They were one and the same.
[grunts]
No! Watch out, Mother!
[CROWD gasps]
[MYOSGARD chuckles]
You stay still.
Your Majesty! What is this?
Mother, no!
You bastard!
[MYOSGARD]
This stinky fish is your queen?
Well, a Celestial Dragon
bows before no one!
She's just another
worthless commoner!
An ignoble bottom feeder!
How dare you!
Can't someone help her?
[SHIRAHOSHI whimpering]
Now, you fools!
You'll do as I say!
Bring me a mask! And a doctor!
Because if you don't...
[gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI whimpering]
Mother!
What the--?
[SHIRAHOSHI screaming]
[gasps]
[ALL]
The Sea Kings?!
[screams]
[CROWD gasping]
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
[ALL gasp]
What the hell just happened?
That was no coincidence.
[OTOHIME] Shirahoshi,
are you the one who did this?
[gasping]
Wow, Captain, you're
really freakin' out.
[DECKEN] The legend my family
spoke of for all those years.
A Mermaid gifted
with mysterious powers.
An almost supernatural ability
that allows her to summon
and control the Sea Kings.
I scoured the seafloor
searching for the truth...
...searching for traces
of this fabled mermaid.
My family was right!
Their dream was true!
I found her!
Wait, you think Shirahoshi's
the legendary mermaid?
I knew you'd find her, Captain!
Shush! No one else
can find out about this!
It's a secret legend
so old that everyone
has forgotten about it
except for my family.
So I suspect!
Can you imagine?
If I could get the
Sea Kings to do my bidding,
not a person
alive could stop me.
I could do anything
and take anything I wanted!
So? What's the next
step in the plan?
Are we gonna kidnap
Princess Shirahoshi or what?
Of course not.
I simply have
to make her my wife.
[DECKEN LACKEYS]
What?!
You do realize she's still
only a child, don't you?
Yeah.
That's the problem.
Aladdin.
[ALADDIN grunts]
[ALADDIN] I'll treat
him if you wish, my Queen.
It's the right thing to do.
I'll take care
of your wound next.
[JIMBEI]
A few weeks later,
once the Celestial
Dragon's health
was stable enough
for him to travel home,
he prepared to disembark
for his voyage.
But Queen Otohime did something
rather unexpected
before he could leave.
You will pay for this,
you damn fish.
You insulted and humiliated me
despite the fact that
I'm a respected World Noble.
Your actions were unforgivable
and you will come
to regret them!
So we just saved his life
and then he turns around
and threatens us?
He's got some nerve
speakin' to us that way.
We provided him with a ship
and a crew to go home.
What the hell else
does he expect from us?
We shouldn't even be
letting him leave anyway!
He's a danger to
the whole island!
[OTOHIME]
Wait a minute!
It's evident to me that
you have more to say.
So I'll travel to the world
above with you to hear you out.
[grunts]
She can't!
It's too dangerous!
Please don't go!
Mother, no!
[NEPTUNE]
You must reconsider!
I cannot allow you
to face such danger!
If you truly wish to
negotiate with the Nobles,
allow me to go in your place!
I know you'd be safe.
You're the king
and a great knight,
so the humans couldn't harm
you even if they wanted to.
[NEPTUNE]
That's precisely why I should--
You can't.
There's no point in
sending a warrior like you.
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm?
This is a matter of appearance.
Our nation needs to see
that even someone who
is as powerless as I,
can travel amongst the humans
and then safely return home.
That's the point.
Without fear and with a heart
that's full of trust,
I'll go myself.
That's the only way
that this can be done.
[NEPTUNE grunts]
Be careful, Mother!
Don't go, Mother!
Queen Otohime!
I don't get it.
Where is she going?
[NEPTUNE]
My queen...
Trust in me.
Have faith in the
woman you married--
and the humans.
[CROWD shouting]
You're just the queen of a
fish tank. You arrogant trash!
Goodbye, Mother!
I will miss you!
It's troubling.
Believe me, I know how you
feel, but no one can stop her.
All we can do is have faith
and hope for the best.
[CROWD] Your Majesty!
Please be careful up there!
[MERMAID J]
Come home safe!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I love you, Mother!
[CROWD shouting]
[NARRATOR] Otohime returns
from the world above
with a ray of hope
for Fishman Island.
The once impossible dream now
becomes the dream of her people,
as one islander after another
pledges support to her cause.
But just when the path to the
future seems to have opened,
a shot echoes through the plaza,
changing the course
of history forever.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Sudden Tragedy! A Gunshot
Shuts Down the Future!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!